d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\TravelAgencyWebApplication.dll.config
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\TravelAgencyWebApplication.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\TravelAgencyWebApplication.pdb
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\obj\Debug\TravelAgencyWebApplication.dll
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\obj\Debug\TravelAgencyWebApplication.pdb
d:\common\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\TravelAgencyWebApplication\TravelAgencyWebApplication\obj\Debug\TravelAgencyWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
